[Chorus]
♪ The Simpsons ♪
D'oh!
[ Screams ]
[All Shouting, Grunting]
[Growling]
Hi, Moe. Got any beer?
Sure. Check in the fridge.
Wait a minute. I'm at work.
You gotta pay for it!
What the-
Where's my money?
[ Marge's Voice]
Wha-
Oh.
[ Lisa's Voice]
[ Bart's Voice]
Sorry, Homer.
So you're just gonna let me
walk out of here sober.
I'm afraid so.
- And you can live with that.
- Yuh-huh.
Fine! There are plenty other ways
for me to alter my consciousness.
[ Wind Whistling]
[ Inhales]
Oh, yeah.
[Grunting]
Are you gonna buy those toads
or just lick 'em?
Lick 'em. Go away.
Ah.
Thanks for the donation, Mr.
Simpson. Do you feel okay?
[ Chuckling ]
Jewish? Oh, no. I'm not Jewish.
[ Laughing]
Wait till Moe sees
how wasted I got without him.
He's gonna plotz.
You wouldn't serve Homer just
cause he didn't have money?
What happened to you, Moe?
You used to be about the booze.
Ah, yeah.
I guess I got caught up
in all the glitz and glamour.
[ Squeaking ]
♪♪ [Humming]
Well, Moe.
Homer, I'm so sorry.
Have a free beer.
Oh.
I don't care about
the color of your skin, Lenny.
You're my friend.
[ Chuckling ]
Man, I've never seen anybody
get loaded so fast.
Homer, can you say
the alphabet backwards?
Oh, you'd like that,
wouldn't you, you-
Hey, I'm worried.
I've had just about enough of you!
[ Grunts ]
- Oh, yeah?
- Yeah.
Oh, rats.
I'm out of here.
We can't let our friend drive like this.
I'm liable here. [ Door Opens, Closes ]
[ Muttering ]
Get his keys!
Ah-ha! Oh! Wh00!
Hey, you want my keys?
[ Splashes ]
Get 'em now, jerks.
[ Laughing]
So long, jerks!
[imitating Engine]
Running after the car, huh?
Let's see if you can follow this!
[ Imitating Tires Squealing ]
That's it.
[Whistles ]
[Tires Screeching ]
♪♪ [Humming]
[ Driver] Where to, pal'?
[ Homer] Moe's Tavern.
Good morning, everybody.
[ Kisses ]
What's for breakfast, cutie?
Homie, it's 5:00 p.m.
We're having dinner.
What?
Wait a- That can't be right.
Wait. Was last night the night
we set the clocks ahead eight hours?
No. It was the night you got loaded
and the car had to be towed home.
If I was that drunk,
I would remember it.
It's true. I couldn't even
wake you up for work this morning.
I had to tell Mr. Burns
you had violent diarrhea.
Oh!
Couldn't you come up
with a less embarrassing lie?
But you did have
violent diarrhea.
Nobody open the hallway closet
until I say it's okay.
[ Both Shuddering ]
Do you remember how
you got home last night, Dad?
Of course.
It was, uh,
some kind of a light rail.
There's no light rail
in Springfield.
Won't anyone
pretend to believe me?
I will, Dad.
And that's why you're my favorite.
[ Kisses ]
[ Huffs]
[TV Turns On]
All right.
Time for my favorite show.
[Announcer] M.T.C.: Monkey Trauma
Center w/"ll n02' be seen Ion/jgh z'-
- [ G roa n s ] - s0 We me y proudly
present' th/Is much cheaper she W.
[ Woman]
Taxicab Conversations.
Hey, I read about this show
in Teen Modem Maturity.
They film passengers
with hidden cameras...
and catch them
at their most uninhibited.
That explains that.
♪♪ [ Disco On Speakers]
♪♪ [Humming]
[ Tires Screeching ]
Looks like somebody
got down tonight.
Disco Stu
always gets down, baby.
'Cause when the beat
is hot, the-
[Sighs]
- Hey, can you keep a secret?
- What is it, hon?
I hate disco.
It's all I've talked about for so long
that people think I'm a one-note guy.
[Sighs]
It's just getting harder,
you know?
I had no idea
Disco Stu was so complex.
- How you doin'?
- Talky thing, ain't ya?
Another proud moment
for the Simpsons.
I don't remember anybody
telling me I was gonna be on TV.
[Slurps]
So, what do you do
for a living?
Oh, you know.
I'm a guy at a place.
How'd you get such a crappy job?
You a convict or a junkie?
Little of both.
You got a family?
Oh, yeah.
Wife and two or three kids.
Can't imagine
my life without 'em.
Oh, you big fooler- pretending not to
remember so you could surprise us.
[ Nervous Chuckle]
Yeah, pretty great.
At the end of a hard day,
there's no better feeling than
coming home to the people you love.
Oh, Homie. [ Kisses]
That is so sweet.
I had no idea, Dad.
I just assumed
with all the stranglings, you know-
That my family
isn't the center of my universe?
Are you nuts?
Then there's those other days...
where you just wish you never
got married or had kids.
[Whimpers ]
One minute
you're a carefree teenager...
with dreams of being a rock star
or a photographer for Playboy.
Then bam! Some babe
gets her claws in you-
- Huh? - And boom, you got a bunch
of kids that always needs love.
[ Both Gasping ]
So whammo, you get stuck
in some boring job...
where they don't let you play guitar
or take pictures of naked women.
And all you can do is watch yourself
get bald and fat...
and kiss your dreams good-bye.
[Snoring]
I can't believe they took
Monkey Trauma Center off for this.
[ Snoring]
Lousy family-
So, I'm just some babe
who sank her claws into you.
A hot babe.
Oh!
Have you always
resented us, Dad?
Oh, I don't resent you, sweetheart.
What I was trying to say,
and maybe I didn't use the right word,
was that marriage
is like a coffin,
and each kid is another nail,
but as coffins go-
- Please don't say any more.
- Sorry we ruined your life, Homer.
[Huffs]
Oh, what have I done?
[Whistle Blows]
- Get in!
- Wha-
Get... in!
Hey, what's this suitcase for?
Are we going on a trip?
You are.
[ Cackling ]
- [ Cackling _]
- [ Whimpering]
Where are you taking me?
A place where y0u'll never be
bothered by your family again.
[ Gasps ]
Oh.
[Whimpers ]
[ Screams ]
Get out of the car, Homer.
You can't just leave me out here!
There's not another woman
for miles!
Sorry, Dad. Maybe now
you'll appreciate us.
While you're
spending the week at-
Rock and roll fantasy camp!
[ Electricity Buzzing ]
[ Gasps ] The Rolling Stones'
Rock n' Roll Fantasy Camp!
But I thought
you guys were mad at me.
For once in my life,
I'm confused.
We had a family meeting...
and decided that even though
what you said about us...
was incredibly thoughtless and
hurtful, you had a point.
- Damn straight.
- You work a job you don't like...
so I'm able
to be home with the kids.
And you take me
places you hate,
like museums, plays
and the Olive Garden.
And even though you knew I ratted you out
to the l.R.S., you never busted me on it.
- You what? - So to say thank
you for all your sacrifices,
we spent our family vacation fund
on something that's just for you.
Do you like it?
You guys are the best!
I love you, I love you.
[ Grunts, Groans]
I'm okay.
I love you, I love you,
I love you.
[ Owl Hooting]
[ Crickets Chirping]
Hey, what gives?
Where are all the rock stars?
I don't know,
but it's starting to get dark.
- ♪♪ [ 'Star! ll/le Up, ” F air)!
] - [ Gasps ] What was that?
- ♪♪ [ Continues]
- Oh! It's gettin' closer!
♪♪ [Riff]
Hello, campers!
How you doin'?
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
It's Mick Jagger
and Keith Richards!
[ Shouts, Whimpers]
Welcome to Rock n' Roll
Fantasy Camp,
where you'll experience
the complete rock-and-roll lifestyle.
Without the lawsuits
and S.T.D.'s.
Whoo! S.T.D.'s!
Now you're all here
for one reason.
- To rock!
- Who said that?
That's right, Otto.
We're here to rock!
[ Cheering ]
So get a good night's sleep
and remember-
- Rule number one, there are no rules!
- [ Cheering ]
Rule number two, no outside food.
[ Restrained Cheering ]
Aw, what a gyp.
Hey, Mick. You gonna teach
us your cocksure strut?
Not today. I've got a ton
of paperwork to catch up on.
Tell me about it.
At my job, we-
Oh. Oh, you're gone.
[ Richards On P.A. ]
Hey, wake up!
[All Grunting, Muttering]
Are you ready to receive
professional training in rock?
♪♪ [ Power Chord ]
Have you been awake
all night?
I am so excited,
I couldn't fall asleep.
I even took some pills I found
on the floor, and still nothing.
You took pills
you found on the floor?
Uh-huh. Now I'm afraid
that if I stop talking, I'll die.
Isn't Mick cool?
I thought he'd be all, like,
“I'm a rock star. Aren't I great?”
But he's just like you or me
or Jesus over there!
[Wiggum ] Can I have a guitar?
[ Clamoring ]
[ Blows ]
People! People.
If everyone's gonna pick guitar, I'm
not gonna have enough to go round.
- [ Groaning ] - But there's
lots of other fun instruments,
like bass.
♪♪ [ Plays Notes]
Come on.
Who'd like to be a bass player?
Out of my way, nerdlinger!
- [ Glasses Shatter]
- My image!
[ Otto ]
Get me the Strat!
[ Clamoring ]
I'm telling Mr. Jagger.
[ Mocking ]
Ooh, I'm telling Mr. Jagger.
The clothes you wear on stage should be
a defiant statement of individuality.
Like this, Mr. Kravitz?
God, no.
May we talk about, uh, accentuating
the- [ Chuckles ] masculine area?
Did you hear that, people?
Apu asked about crotch stuffing.
Now, I don't do it.
Kenny Loggins does.
I trusted you!
[ Sobbing ]
♪♪ [ Rockabilly]
Now, a guitar has many,
many nicknames: an ax, a gitbox-
I guess that's it.
Anyway, we're gonna start
with the fundamentals:
playing a burning guitar
with your teeth.
[ Cheering ]
All right! Fire!
- Mister Seltzer?
- Setzer.
- No, I think it's Seltzer. - [
Groans ] What is it, Homer?
I came up with a stage move
I feel is very cool.
[Grunting]
Baby, baby, baby. babY-
[Whirring, Clicking ] We've gotta
start using a cheaper oatmeal.
[ Homer]
Sorry, Mick!
Simpson!
- ♪♪ [ “She's So Cold”]
- Okay, strut, strut, strut,
strut, strut, spin and rooster.
♪♪ [ Continues]
Look, everyone.
Homer's got it.
♪ I'm so hot for me
I'm so hot for me ♪
♪ I'm so cold ♪
Okay, now schoolmarm.
♪ I'm the burning fire
I'm the bleeding volcano ♪
Everybody's naughty...
and... freeze finish!
JJ' [ 5/7675 ] [ Wiggum ] Ow.
And no matter where you are,
always say it's the wildest town
in the whole damn world.
So when you said it in Springfield
last year, you didn't mean it?
Yeah, sure I did.
But only because
Springfield really is...
the wildest town
in the whole damn world.
Yes, I knew it! I knew it!
Springfield!
♪♪ [ Strumming]
Lyrics are
the hardest part of songwriting.
But when you come up with
something meaningful and heartfelt-
- Boring!
- Will you stop saying that?
But rock stars are supposed to be about
drinking and getting drunk and boozing it up.
And girls that have legs
and know how to use them.
And why I can't drive 55!
You just want
mindless, generic rock?
Precisely!
Uh-
♪♪ [ Power Chord ]
♪ See that drunk girl
speedin' down the street ♪
[ Cheering ]
♪ She's worried about
the state of public schools ♪
[Al
Boga
♪ She likes to party
She likes to rock;
[ Cheering ]
♪ She prays that our schools
don't run out of chalk ♪
' B00!
Getting away from the gig...
can be a matter of life and death.
So you gotta be
in great physical shape.
Okay, follow me.
[ Tape: Crowd Cheering]
- Paparazzi to the left!
- I got 'em!
[Grunting]
I'm entitled to a private life!
I'm not a role model and so forth!
Good, Homer. Now, just pass
the groupies and we're home.
[ Woman's Voice]
I love you. Please sleep with us!
[ Kissing, Moaning]
- They're bloody cardboard!
- We know!
♪♪ [ Blues Rock]
♪ You ain't never caught a rabbit;
♪ And you ain't no friend of mine ♪
♪♪ [ Ends]
- [ Shouts ]
- [Screaming]
Well? What do you think?
- Uh- You rock, Homer.
- Really?
You really think
I'm better than you?
That was great, Homie.
What the hell
are you doing here?
- Camp is over, Homer.
- It's been a week already?
I'm glad you had fun,
but it's time to come home.
Your mother's right, Homer.
Gotta get back
to the real world.
Yeah, we've all gotta get home.
My lawn's not gonna mow itself.
And I've gotta put up the storm windows.
Winter's coming.
Wait! Don't go!
I want to keep on rockin'!
Come on, guys.
A'0ne, a'two-
I'll take that.
No!
[Sobbing]
It came with a pick.
[ Groans ]
[ Lisa Straining ]
Come on, Dad.
No! No! I won't go!
You can't make me!
- Dad, you knew this day was coming.
- I knew nothing!
[ Groans ]
Stop kicking me, Dad.
Never!
My dream has been shattered
into shards of a broken dream.
I was so close
to being a rock star,
but now there's a chance
it might not happen.
I'll just have to settle for
being a fat, bald, fat nothing.
Finally. Can we go now?
Now, before I look the door,
do you have to go to the bathroom?
No, I'm fine.
[ Exhales ]
I'm so despondent.
Cheer up, Homer.
It's only rock-and-roll camp.
But I like it.
[ Sobbing ]
Tell you what. We're doing a
benefit gig before we leave town.
How would you like
to join us on stage?
[ Sniffles ]
- For serious?
- For serious, Homer.
Can I have 4O guest passes?
Whoo-hoo!
Wow. “All access.”
All access.
[ Drooling ]
Good thing it's laminated.
[Laughs]
[Grunts]
Sir, you can't-
All access!
Sorry.
[Gulping]
♪♪ [Humming]
[Women Screaming ]
[ Homer] All access.
[Women Oohing ]
[Woman #1 ] How nice. [
Woman #2 ] You rock.
[ Chattering ]
Wow, Homer. I ain't had front row
seats since my Moonie wedding!
And after the show, you can come
backstage for pizza and pop.
Yes!
All right!
Now that's
a winning combination.
Here you go.
Front and center.
I'm so proud of you, Homie.
It's like you're Kid Rock...
and I'm
Pamela Anderson Lee Rock.
[Audience Cheering ]
Oop. Gotta run. Enjoy the show.
[Tuning UP]
[ Rag Squeaking ]
Okay. Let's see the eyes.
Now the fire.
[Sizzling]
Thanks, mate.
Couldn't you find
a more fuel-efficient Satan?
Lenny, don't you have
a crotch to stuff?
Evening, fellow rockers.
There you are.
We thought we were going to
have to go on without you.
I'm ready.
Just give me a guitar.
How many solos
should I do? Four?
I'll do four.
Uh, Homer, you didn't think
you were gonna be playing with-
[ Gasps ]
My official tour jacket! Lookit.
Wait.
You misspelled “guitar hero.”
Look, sorry if there's been
a misunderstanding, Homer.
We really just need you
to tap the mikes and say, “Test, test.”
Can't you do it?
Oh. Okay.
So I'll, uh-
Okay.
[Audience Cheering ]
Look, there's Dad!
Whoo-hoo! Yay, Homer!
I'm his groupie.
[Chuckles]
Am I saying that right?
“Groupie”?
[All]
Yeah!
[Woman ]
Yeah, Homer!
[ Carl ] You're the man, Homer!
You're the man!
[Lenny] Rock the house!
Let's go, Homer!
[ Moe ] It's go time.
It's go time.
[ Microphone Feedback]
Test. Test.
Why is he performing
the duties of a roadie?
Am I saying that right? “Roadie”?
[ Microphone Feedback]
Test, test. Check, check.
Hey, he's not
rockin' out at all.
Test. Test.
♪ Test
You're testing my love for you ♪
♪ Check, check
You're checking to see if I'm true ♪
[ Cheering ]
♪ Test one, test two
test three, test four ♪
♪ You test me like the water
in El Salvador;
Whoo! [El Salvador!
- What's all this then?
- He's stealing the show from us.
[Jagger]
Not on my shift!
Let's rock and roll!
[ Cheering ]
♪♪ [Riff]
♪ Baby, baby, baby
baby, baby ♪
Uh-oh.
[ Screaming ]
Oh, no!
Oh, yeah. It's good to see
the spectacle back in rock.
No!
[All Screaming]
[All Gasping ]
Did you know it was gonna turn
into a riot, Dad? Oh, yeah.
When y0u've been in as many as I
have, you can sense them coming.
Did they ever find
Torn Petty's toe?
What am I,
the lost and found?
There's no excuse for our
horrible behavior tonight, Homer.
We acted like
a bunch of angry young men.
Yeah. Rock and roll is supposed
to be about peace and love.
I hope you won't judge the entire
Brian Setzer Orchestra by my actions.
What we're trying to say,
Homer, is we're sorry.
By the way, I don't suppose
any of you have seen my, um-
- No. Sorry.
- Oh.
There's no need
for apologies, guys.
You're rock stars.
You're supposed to be
reckless and destructive...
and be celebrated for behavior
that would land normal people in jail.
That's what I told them, Homer!
But just the same,
we'd like to make it up to you.
We're doing a gig tomorrow
to benefit the victims of tonight's gig,
and we'd consider it an honor
if you'd join us.
You're very sweet, Mick, but...
the only rocking I want to do
is in my living room chair,
surrounded by the world's
greatest backup group- my family.
♪♪ [ Rock On Car Stereo]
♪♪ [ Petty Singing]
Are you sure you don't miss hanging
out with your rook star friends, Dad?
Nah. I got something
to remember 'em by.
[Laughs]
Have fun at school, kids.
Later, Homer.
Mister Simpson, this zone
is for school buses only.
[ Screams ]
[Children Laughing]
Rock n' roll! Whoo-hoo!
[ Cheering ]
J." [Rock]
♪  Mama says yes, Papa says no ♪
♪ Make up your mind
'cause I gotta go ♪
♪ I'm gonna raise hell
at the union hall ♪
♪ Drive myself right over the wall ♪
♪ Rip this joint
Gonna save your soul ♪
♪ Round and round
and round we go ♪
♪ Roll this joint
Gonna get down low,r
♪ Start my starter
Gonna stop the show,r
♪ Yeah JV
And I've gotta put up the storm windows.
Winter's coming.
Everybody's naughty...
and... freeze finish!
♪ She likes to party
She likes to rock;
♪♪ [ Power Chord
] [ Homer] Yeah!
But there's lots of other
fun instruments, like bass.
I hope you won't judge the entire
Brian Setzer Orchestra by my actions.
Rock and roll is supposed
to be about peace and love.
- Who said that?
- Will you stop saying that?
[ People Laughing ]
[Jagger] Simpson! Shh.
English - US - PSDH